---
title: "3, 2, 1.. And we have Liftoff!"
excerpt_separator: "<!--more-->"
categories:
  - Blog
tags:
  - Personal
header:
  overlay_image: assets/images/headers/space-shuttle-header-8622-1024x300.jpg
  overlay_filter: 0.5
  caption: "Photo Credit: [**Free Web Headers**](https://www.freewebheaders.com)"
---

Dear esteemed explorers, welcome to the Wanderer's Log!

<!--more-->

For years I've wanted to share my passion for tabletop roleplaying games, worldbuilding, and science fiction with others. While social media websites such as X and Reddit may have been great for spreading my thoughts to a wider audience, I've never felt comfortable about expressing myself on such websites. But now with my own blog built using Jekyll and Github-Pages (inspired by this [video](https://youtu.be/zswyWBtF-7Y?si=y7yQ4RxIgvZpeI9z)) I can finally express my interests in an eloquent and organised way.

Here you'll mostly find blog posts about my thoughts on TTRPGs, posts about worldbuilding sci-fi universes, and the occasional personal post. I plan to post at-least once every month, but depending how busy I am in my day-to-day life post cadence can change drastically. I recommend subscribing to the site's RSS feed if you don't want to miss out on a single post!

To kick things off, I've simply compiled a list of [links](/links/) of websites and blogs that I've personally found interesting and useful. As time goes on, you can expected it to grow larger as I slowly compile links to even more resources I've found useful. 

Sometime next month, I'll be creating a post about my first forays into TTRPGs and where I'm at now in the context of my interests within the hobby. I hope you'll give it a read when it comes out.

So, until next time, keep your sights on the stars and your feet firmly planted to the ground. *Ad astra per aspera*.